So now I assume you have a good understanding of radio waves and its properties.
School physics, right?
Okay. So next we look into the hardware implementation of the radar system.
Since W or frequency modulated
continuous wave radar is the most commonly used radar for automotive applications.
Its ability to measure range and velocity simultaneously,
it's low cost, and simple hardware implementation make it a first choice radar.
Let's have a look what exactly is FMCW radar.
Here's an important part, the saw-tooth signal.
FMCW is a continuously transmitting signal
in which the frequency changes linearly with time.
Each time that you see in the plot is called FMCW chirp.
These chirps are defined by their bandwidth and chirp time or sweep time.
If we divide the bandwidth by chirp time,
you get the slope of the linear signal.
Red chirp is the transmitted signal,
blue is the received signal,
which is nothing but the time delayed version of the transmitted signal.
Further in the course, you will learn how this small shift in the signal will
determine the range and velocity of the target. So hold tight.